README.md, before:

# 👋 Hey there, I'm **Nur**  

💻 Passionate **Competitive programmer** and want to be a **Software engineer** | Future plan is **AI Engineer**  
🌱 Currently building projects in **Java**, **Python**, and **Web Development**.  
🚀 Learning **Flutter** and preparing myself for icpc regional contest.
⚡ I love solving problems and learning new technologies every day.  

---

## 📌 About Me
- 🎯 Goal: Become a strong competitive programmer & software engineer.
- 🔭 Projects: Gardening Assistant, Crime Investigation & Reporting System, Weather Green App, BUBT Crush Game.  
- 💬 Ask me about Java, Python, Django, Databases, and Problem Solving.  
- ❤️ Coding is not just my skill, it’s my passion.

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NurShuv0&style=flat-square&color=blue)

---
## 🔧 Technologies & Tools
<p align="left">
  <!-- Programming Languages -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/C_Programming_Language.svg" alt="C" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/ISO_C%2B%2B_Logo.svg" alt="C++" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/30/Java_programming_language_logo.svg" alt="Java" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>

  <!-- Frameworks -->
  <img src="https://static.djangoproject.com/img/logos/django-logo-negative.svg" alt="Django" width="80" height="80"/>

  <!-- Platforms / Tools -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Octicons-mark-github.svg" alt="GitHub" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://sta.codeforces.com/s/58906/images/codeforces-logo-with-telegram.png" alt="Codeforces" width="100" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.codechef.com/sites/all/themes/abessive/cc-logo.svg" alt="CodeChef" width="80" height="80"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/beecrowd/beecrowd-website/main/public/images/beecrowd-logo.png" alt="Beecrowd" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cses.fi/logo.png" alt="CSES" width="100" height="100"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/HackerRank_Icon-1000px.png" alt="HackerRank" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.atcoder.jp/assets/atcoder.png" alt="AtCoder" width="100" height="40"/>


  <!-- Web -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/HTML5_logo_and_wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/CSS3_logo_and_wordmark.svg" alt="CSS3" width="40" height="40"/>

  <!-- Databases -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/dd/MySQL_logo.svg" alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/MongoDB_Logo.svg" alt="MongoDB" width="100" height="100"/>

  <!-- Editors -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg" alt="VS Code" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>
---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
![Nur's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NurShuv0&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)  
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NurShuv0&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)

---

## 🏆 Achievements & Goals
- ✅ Developed multiple real-world software projects.
- ✅ Strengthened OOP, database, and c++,java,python skill.
- 🔜 Competed in virtual contest and ranked in university contest.
- 🎯 trying to integrate ML in my project
- ✅ Goal is to participate in icpc regional contest.

---
## 📫 Connect With Me

[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/nuruddin.shuvo.7)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/nur_shuvo99)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nur-shuvo-88314933a)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nurshuv0.10@gmail.com)
[![Codeforces](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codeforces-1F8ACB?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeforces&logoColor=white)](https://codeforces.com/profile/nur_777x)

💡 *"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code."*

Commit message:

Revise learning goals in README
Updated the description of learning goals and competitive programming preparation.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hey there, I'm **Nur**  

💻 Passionate **Competitive programmer** and want to be a **Software engineer** | Future plan is **AI Engineer**  
🌱 Currently building projects in **Java**, **Python**, and **Web Development**.  
🚀 Learning **Flutter** and preparing myself to be a good competitive programmer.
⚡ I love solving problems and learning new technologies every day.  

---

## 📌 About Me
- 🎯 Goal: Become a strong competitive programmer & software engineer.
- 🔭 Projects: Gardening Assistant, Crime Investigation & Reporting System, Weather Green App, BUBT Crush Game.  
- 💬 Ask me about Java, Python, Django, Databases, and Problem Solving.  
- ❤️ Coding is not just my skill, it’s my passion.

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NurShuv0&style=flat-square&color=blue)

---
## 🔧 Technologies & Tools
<p align="left">
  <!-- Programming Languages -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/C_Programming_Language.svg" alt="C" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/ISO_C%2B%2B_Logo.svg" alt="C++" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/30/Java_programming_language_logo.svg" alt="Java" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>

  <!-- Frameworks -->
  <img src="https://static.djangoproject.com/img/logos/django-logo-negative.svg" alt="Django" width="80" height="80"/>

  <!-- Platforms / Tools -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Octicons-mark-github.svg" alt="GitHub" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://sta.codeforces.com/s/58906/images/codeforces-logo-with-telegram.png" alt="Codeforces" width="100" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.codechef.com/sites/all/themes/abessive/cc-logo.svg" alt="CodeChef" width="80" height="80"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/beecrowd/beecrowd-website/main/public/images/beecrowd-logo.png" alt="Beecrowd" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cses.fi/logo.png" alt="CSES" width="100" height="100"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/HackerRank_Icon-1000px.png" alt="HackerRank" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.atcoder.jp/assets/atcoder.png" alt="AtCoder" width="100" height="40"/>


  <!-- Web -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/HTML5_logo_and_wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/CSS3_logo_and_wordmark.svg" alt="CSS3" width="40" height="40"/>

  <!-- Databases -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/dd/MySQL_logo.svg" alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/MongoDB_Logo.svg" alt="MongoDB" width="100" height="100"/>

  <!-- Editors -->
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg" alt="VS Code" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>
---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
![Nur's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NurShuv0&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)  
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NurShuv0&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)

---

## 🏆 Achievements & Goals
- ✅ Developed multiple real-world software projects.
- ✅ Strengthened OOP, database, and c++,java,python skill.
- 🔜 Competed in virtual contest and ranked in university contest.
- 🎯 trying to integrate ML in my project
- ✅ Goal is to participate in icpc regional contest.

---
## 📫 Connect With Me

[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/nuruddin.shuvo.7)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/nur_shuvo99)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nur-shuvo-88314933a)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nurshuv0.10@gmail.com)
[![Codeforces](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codeforces-1F8ACB?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeforces&logoColor=white)](https://codeforces.com/profile/nur_777x)

💡 *"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code."*
